GeoLocation SOAP API Headers
CSCI 3800 - Web API Technologies
2015/02/09
Ed Salisbury

Request:
--------
Accept-Encoding: gzip,deflate
Tells the server which kind of compression we accept

Content-Type: text/xml;charset=UTF-8
The MIME type of this content and the character set it's encoded with

SOAPAction: "http://www.webservicex.net/GetGeoIP"
The SOAPAction HTTP request header field can be used to indicate the intent of the
SOAP HTTP request. The value is a URI identifying the intent. SOAP places no restrictions
on the format or specificity of the URI or that it is resolvable. An HTTP client MUST use
this header field when issuing a SOAP HTTP Request.

Host: www.webservicex.net
The domain name of the server

Content-Length: 317
The length of the content that is sent.

Connection: Keep-Alive
Control options for the current connection and list of hop-by-hop request fields.
Keep-alive means that we don't want the connection to get torn down after every request

User-Agent: Apache-HttpClient/4.1.1 (java 1.5)
User agent string - tells the server what our client software is reporting itself as.

Response:
---------
Cache-Control: private, max-age=0
Tells all caching mechanisms from server to client whether they may cache this object. It is measured in seconds.
private: Indicates that all or part of the response message is intended for a single user and MUST NOT be cached by a shared cache, such as a proxy server.
max-age=0: used to specify (in seconds) the maximum age of the content before it becomes stale

Content-Type: text/xml; charset=utf-8
The MIME type of this content and the character set it's encoded with

Content-Encoding: gzip
Specifies how the response is encoded

Vary: Accept-Encoding
Tells downstream proxies how to match future request headers to decide whether
the cached response can be used rather than requesting a fresh one from the origin server.
Accept-Encoding tells the browser that two cacheable responses of the same resource will be the
same even if the Accept-Encoding request header is different.

Server: Microsoft-IIS/7.0
The server software that provided the response

X-AspNet-Version: 4.0.30319
Version of ASP.Net the server is running

X-Powered-By: ASP.NET
Tells the user that the server is running ASP.Net

Date: Mon, 09 Feb 2015 19:18:53 GMT
The date and time that the message was sent

Content-Length: 403
The length of the content
